>> Steve Kinney: Let's talk about,
for a second,
how we used to do these kind of things.
You might have noticed a somewhat of an
inside joke as we've gone through the day,
which is kind of not being
particularly nice to AppCache.
There is still a compelling reason why
you might consider using AppCache.
If you look about service
worker enthusiasm,
you see a lot of green,
you also see one yellow one.
Which is, Safari is a not
unpopular mobile browser, right,
it is installed on every iPhone.
If you say, I'm going to install
Chrome on my iPhone, well,
Apple's policies say that you still
have to use Safari under the hood, so
Chrome on the iPhone is
Safari in Chrome clothing.
So still the same rendering engine, so
it's not just like, I'll have my users
install Chrome, and they will have
progressive web apps, it's still Safari.
So there is an idea where we
might want to go ahead and like,
I'm gonna implement AppCache.
And the way you do that, is you
create this thing called a manifest,
the manifest talks about all of the files
that you would like to have cached,
seems legitimate, right, and
like maybe a fall through to the network.
Aversion, this seems like okay I can just
do this and I'll support everything right?
Everything will be great, here we'll
cache app.css, we'll cache app.js,
everything else will go through the
network, we can actually have fallbacks.
So if they try to go to
download-virus.html,
we will fall back to not-available.html,
we can have a fallback image.
Seems like I could just do this,
and skip everything Mike and
Steve just showed me for
the last two days.
>> Steve Kinney: Just for fun, when you
get home, you can Google Jake Archibald,
we've mentioned him a few times today.
He's one of the developer advocates
pushing service worker and AppCache.
And you'll find
an insightful article that,
I won't say the title of in
front of present company.
So some tasting notes though, even the
HTML page isn't listed in the manifest.
>> Steve Kinney: That one isn't there,
the page that associated become part of it
as well, so it kind of grows
to expand everything in there.
Anything in the AppCache is cache-only,
even if you're on a network.
So if you think about that first example,
that Mike showed,
where it's like,
no matter what we go to cache,
Mike has been a very good job today
saying we are biased towards fresh data.
AppCache does not share that
bias with you or that opinion,
if something is cached, that is it.
The cache will only update if
the text of the manifest is changed.
That's why when you saw what we
showed before there was that v1,
basically the way you update that manifest
is you just change that to some other
number, right?
And as long as any change,
that will change the manifest, but
other than that, that user will
have whatever was in there forever.
But even if you remove that, if you still
have something to the regular HTTP cache,
all right,
we saw like you can say max age a year.
You're not necessarily going
to get the newest version,
you could get some other one
that's already in HTTP cache.
And now you've changed the number,
you don't know which users got
the fresh data and which ones didn't.
The manifest could get cached as well,
at which point they wouldn't
get a new manifest anyway.
Because they'll go to get a manifest
they'll get the HTTP cached one,
which they will have the same number and
they won't save the new one in that case.
Non cached assets will not load at all,
unless you accept them from
the manifest even if you're online.
And there's no logic for them to fallback
if you aren't online the resources
they're accepted in that network
they're just not available, and
they will just fail to load.
The most compelling reason why you
might not want to use AppCache,
is this is the Mozilla documentation page
for it, and you can see a few things.
One is that it is deprecated and
it gets the thumbs down emoji.
And if you kind of look towards the lower
right there, you'll also see that using
application caching feature described
here at this point is highly discouraged.
And it goes on to say use
Service Workers instead, right?
A lot of what we did in Service Worker
was learning from some of the problems
that came from, we'll just give you
this very simple file where you have no
introspection, and no programmatic access,
and no ability to control things.
And well-meaning people
tried to get it right, but
it's impossible to know all
the details of your application,
all right, and that's a lot of
the power we see in these newer APIs.